hey everybody its Jessie come from Falco
and this is grant grantee hi yeah grant
is one today is there's a big day for us
and we're so excited wanted to make it
extra special for a little monkey this
is like the year of the monkeys we want
to the bobble cover which is the monkey
cover the ball bananas and that we gave
birth to this beautiful little monkey so
I made a monkey cake of course and so
check it out this is the monkey cake
that we made that we're going to be
eating tonight
um super cute but so easy so I'm going
to show you how you can make it as
simple as this and you can make it for
any occasion okay so here we go okay so
we have the cake dome that I cut in half
in two layers and then have that mini
one set aside I started putting icing on
here I'll get a good layer down here
then you take the other top part try to
match it up but don't worry if it's not
completely match up because the icing
will make up for it okay so now you have
your little little cake that you're
going to take out and so this part is
going to be the cute ear so you just cut
it in half try to make a clean of the
cut as you can make this the little ear
you just kind of poke it in place okay
isn't it cute the ear well ice the ears
and what you want to do is you get a big
dollop and you just kind of plop it
right on
now you're going to put the rest of the
icing in a ziploc bag I've shown you
this before in all my other videos and
you just make your own piping bag in a
sense just cut out the bottom and I just
like to make the bottom edge look pretty
just kind of do this and just pipe push
it in push it in you with these little
darts she then should okay so i've made
a separate small batch of just regular
cream cheese frosting and what to do for
the monkey part of the face i just add a
little bit of chocolate in there they'll
have like a light brown and we're gonna
make her the face and ready here's this
nut so cute okay so you have the general
shape here okay so you have that kind of
phase you smooth it all out then we're
going to do the ears so the ears you do
the same just kind of make it inner ear
I like to just do button noses we're
gonna do the face this little smile
look at that you just push it right in
and go for the finishing touch we're
gonna do some hair okay so this part is
really cute so you just take your icing
you gotta just pull right up just kind
of pull it right up there you have it
there's the mochi cake see it was so
simple right so I hope you really enjoy
this email me of course if you want any
recipes or ingredients or no house of
how to do any specific things okay I
will talk to you later and we are
signing out to your side up sunny